README.md, before:

## NoteTracker

## Note Tracker Application Work flow

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sudheera96/NoteTracker/master/docs/workflow.png)

We can create assignments logs when we open the app. For doing those assignments at a particular time, we can add a remainder alert with the message and also with sound (advanced feature). Even we can share our assignment log with someone. So when we get the remainder alert, we can start the timer to check how long the assignment takes time to complete. Also, After creating an assignment log, we can even add submission date and time. 

## Note Tracker Application user stories

1. As a user, I want to open application.
1. As a user, I want to create assignment log, after opening application.
1. As a user, I want to add submission date and time, after creating assignment log. 
1. As a user, I want to set alert for start doing the assignment, after adding submission date and time.
1. As a user, I want to provide message, for displaying alert with sound and message on screen.
1. As a user, I want to start the timer for doing the assignment, after getting remainder of alert.
1. As a user, I want to pause the timer.
1. As a user, I want to stop the timer.
1. As a user, I want to prioritize the assignment log as High, Medium, Low
1. As a user, I want to share my assignment log.
1. As a user, I want to move back to first activity of app from creating assignment log.
1. As a user, I want to add more assignment logs.
1. As a user, I want to see all my assigment logs.
1. As a user, I want to delete my assignment log.


## Note Tracker Activities 

### Activity 1

- If a student or a user creates an activity in to-do list of Note Tracker then the following layouts of this app are displayed.
  ![](https://github.com/sudheera96/NoteTracker/blob/master/docs/first_screen.png?raw=true)
  
- Initially, if a student does not enter any text and tries to add an activity to the app,then a message will pop-up as "please enter text".
 ![](https://github.com/sudheera96/NoteTracker/blob/master/docs/Screenshot%20(98).png?raw=true)
 
- After entering the list of activities into list, the assignment log will display as
 ![](https://github.com/sudheera96/NoteTracker/blob/master/docs/Screenshot%20(99).png?raw=true)
 
- If a student delets a list from an activity then a message will be displayed as "Item is removed."
 ![](https://github.com/sudheera96/NoteTracker/blob/master/docs/Screenshot%20(100).png?raw=true)
 
- After creating a list of items in to-do list of Note Tracker then a user can enter the next button 
 ![](https://github.com/sudheera96/NoteTracker/blob/master/docs/first_screen_2.png?raw=true)


### Activity 2 

Creating Assignment log, providing submisiion date and time, Timer for starting the assignment, making priority, providing alert

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sudheera96/NoteTracker/master/docs/Activity%203.png)

### Activity 3

### Activity 4

1. created the navigation for one screen to second screeen and then second screen to third screen and finally third screen to first screen
2. updated the first screen the user will the add the item and the item will be displayed to list of the items and in thne next screen we need to select the privority of the
work and we can assign date and time and can set alarm and finall screen it gives the display of the message and user can enter the information regarding to it.

![](https://github.com/sudheera96/NoteTracker/blob/master/docs/first_screen.png)

![](https://github.com/sudheera96/NoteTracker/blob/master/docs/second_screen2.png)

![](https://github.com/sudheera96/NoteTracker/blob/master/docs/third_screen2.png)

Commit message:

updated screens and navagiation - saikrishna

README.md, after:

## NoteTracker

## Note Tracker Application Work flow

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sudheera96/NoteTracker/master/docs/workflow.png)

We can create assignments logs when we open the app. For doing those assignments at a particular time, we can add a remainder alert with the message and also with sound (advanced feature). Even we can share our assignment log with someone. So when we get the remainder alert, we can start the timer to check how long the assignment takes time to complete. Also, After creating an assignment log, we can even add submission date and time. 

## Note Tracker Application user stories

1. As a user, I want to open application.
1. As a user, I want to create assignment log, after opening application.
1. As a user, I want to add submission date and time, after creating assignment log. 
1. As a user, I want to set alert for start doing the assignment, after adding submission date and time.
1. As a user, I want to provide message, for displaying alert with sound and message on screen.
1. As a user, I want to start the timer for doing the assignment, after getting remainder of alert.
1. As a user, I want to pause the timer.
1. As a user, I want to stop the timer.
1. As a user, I want to prioritize the assignment log as High, Medium, Low
1. As a user, I want to share my assignment log.
1. As a user, I want to move back to first activity of app from creating assignment log.
1. As a user, I want to add more assignment logs.
1. As a user, I want to see all my assigment logs.
1. As a user, I want to delete my assignment log.


## Note Tracker Activities 

### Activity 1

- If a student or a user creates an activity in to-do list of Note Tracker then the following layouts of this app are displayed.
  ![](https://github.com/sudheera96/NoteTracker/blob/master/docs/first_screen.png?raw=true)
  
- Initially, if a student does not enter any text and tries to add an activity to the app,then a message will pop-up as "please enter text".
 ![](https://github.com/sudheera96/NoteTracker/blob/master/docs/Screenshot%20(98).png?raw=true)
 
- After entering the list of activities into list, the assignment log will display as
 ![](https://github.com/sudheera96/NoteTracker/blob/master/docs/Screenshot%20(99).png?raw=true)
 
- If a student delets a list from an activity then a message will be displayed as "Item is removed."
 ![](https://github.com/sudheera96/NoteTracker/blob/master/docs/Screenshot%20(100).png?raw=true)
 
- After creating a list of items in to-do list of Note Tracker then a user can enter the next button 
 ![](https://github.com/sudheera96/NoteTracker/blob/master/docs/first_screen_2.png?raw=true)


### Activity 2 

Creating Assignment log, providing submisiion date and time, Timer for starting the assignment, making priority, providing alert

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sudheera96/NoteTracker/master/docs/Activity%203.png)

### Activity 3

### Activity 4

1. created the navigation for one screen to second screeen and then second screen to third screen and finally third screen to first screen
2. updated the first screen the user will the add the item and the item will be displayed to list of the items and in thne next screen we need to select the privority of the
work and we can assign date and time and can set alarm and finall screen it gives the display of the message and user can enter the information regarding to it.

updated screens and  navigation  from one screen to another screen
first screen

![](https://github.com/sudheera96/NoteTracker/blob/master/docs/first_screen.png)

second screen 

![](https://github.com/sudheera96/NoteTracker/blob/master/docs/second_screen.png)

![](https://github.com/sudheera96/NoteTracker/blob/master/docs/second_screen2.png)


third screen

![](https://github.com/sudheera96/NoteTracker/blob/master/docs/third_screen2.png)
